Oh
She's also so so too tiny dad seven
You're not humans in李 Sein Egoja
Okay
Mr. Carver, you did a great job fulfilling your mission!
I can't wait to receive the reward!
What the hell are you doing?!
We'll be right back!
But two days later...
comforting
It's the worst...
worst...
every bad simply
all don't he know
T knead wouldn't make a good job
I-I have to hurry or I'll be in trouble...
But... but I...
I don't know how to start a fight...
What should I do?
Um...
Oni Oniisan...
Oni Oniisan?
My name is...
What was it?
I was told to say Afu Orosu...
Afu Orosu...
Okay. I'm Enjin.
I'm Sojiru-san.
Boss told me something...
I have to turn the storage I've been following into a treasure...
A treasure?
I can do that, but...
I don't know how...
I was told to finish this storm as soon as possible...
If I get caught...
So...
I have to fight...
Um...
Step A
Huh...
No!
Eh?
I
frame
k
Has
is
yo
I wonder how far I can go.
Damn you!
You can't get away with this!
You're a woman who's going to get you!
You're hiding in your own little corner!
Are you even aiming at me with your gun?
You're so annoying!
I hate women like you!
Come out here!
You're a warrior who chose the path of battle!
I knew it.
Your time is running out!
You have time limits.
He dodged it.
I knew it.
Don't think you can get me to cut your hair again.
If you get familiar with the feel of it, you can dance a intense Latin Dance.
I can move this hair around freely like a nerve.
How many years do you think I've been doing this?
Don't underestimate me!
This is bad.
This is the first time I've ever seen such a proud long hair.
But as you read it,
this electric current that Mirie creates has a time limit.
It can be automatically extinguished,
but no matter how long it lasts, it's only a few minutes.
It's not all-purpose.
I see. I'm glad.
I was worried that the wind might be a weakness,
so I had to move the windmill.
The time limit is a weakness, so it's good.
You're positive, Rio.
You're a warrior, so you should cover that weakness.
2 hours later
You were closer to technology.
Go now.
Under Хотя,
the devotion of racers
I'm sorry. I don't know.
There's no way you don't know!
I've been dying a long time ago!
You're acting like a normal human being, too.
I'm not normal at all.
But I'm actually better at fighting alone.
Who are you?
I'm Leo.
Signimac.
300 seconds into the film.
I'm just playing.
I don't know how to do it.
ρεse reservoir
Why am I here?
Did you bring the night watch?
All right.
The corpse larger than the head
it all burn
huh?
yes
you were not a kitten
but
you are a cat
hey
can't you hear me no matter how much I call for help?
no, it's useless
you can't run away anymore
I see
you can't hear me
don't worry
if this happened
friends and I will be dead
hey
I can't,ridiculous,it hurts...
You...
Why would you do that?
You're banned from the engine, murderer.
That's why I fought so hard not to kill you.
But you're strong, so I just used this.
It doesn't sound like it's working.
I want to finish this as soon as possible.
You have to protect your friends from the enemy.
Don't worry.
The only weapon you have is that scissor.
That scissor will never be stained with blood.
That's what I used to swear.
This is just a gun from my ex-colleague.
It's a special weapon.
You're not...
a murderer!
It's our secret.
I'm glad I have the engine's scissor.
You can live.
You can't move, but you have a broken arm.
So you can ask that manhole girl to help you.
I'm going to look for other friends.
Ugh!
Do you know where you are?
I thought you were a pretty girl.
You're a cleaner.
You're a pro, too!
So you only know about the manhole girl and the boss of the storm shop.
This pipe lead down here to somewhere креп glal pouvoir da kau ber OP si ke do
It's probably worse looking out, though.
¡Ah!
What's that fake przedsiębior cutting on the road sign
Judging by everyone's degree, it probably also seems like they're that cheap,
so they still look like they're selling anything I can get.
So did you hear about his Polski que est false ber the people go with the data of the ground under.
I was wondering,ian mozette.
I want to see you.
Right?
I still don't know how I can fall.
But...
If you're going to do that, why don't I go and ask him?
Let's just know how to reach out.
Together.
I should have just let him go.
What the hell are you doing?!
I'm going to kill you!
You're tough, so you won't die.
Zanker, are you okay?
Hey.
Oh, you're alive.
That's good.
Did you get poisoned by something?
Let's get out of here.
Let's go home and get it fixed.
Well...
Having the Prey identified in a box...
I'm glad you're fine.
What's the problem?
I have never even seen the Prey jump through my eyes.
When I will compromise, it becomes red.
How about dated, then?
Denou with you?
Oh, you're tougher than I thought.
What's going on? What happened to the others?
I guess we should get moving.
Damn it! You guys! You dropped everything!
What is this place? The reason and purpose of coming here is not clear at all!
Damn it! The Bud Buster!
You can't calm down unless you make a noise.
I've made a statement once.
We must not let the situation get worse.
What you're about to say is not a waste of time.
It's a brainstem that thinks about how to respond to it.
You're a person who can't act unless you explain it to him.
Should I prepare a picture book?
Yeah! I understand this much!
I'm the type you hate!
I wanted you to be a bit more cool.
It's no use asking you for a plan to go to the Heavens.
Then I'll show you.
What?
Before living lives your authors'll never unclean and you'll never look after them…
Jefe's gloves.
My Miguel.
And then these shoes.
I've changed my identity 3 years for pleleme.
I was trying to make a series.